iPhone Impressions: Neat!
Published on June 30, 2007.
So I drove on over to the Apple Store today (it was on the way back from some other place I was driving to) and I tried out the iPhone.
It’s neat! I tried out all the applications and they work fairly well.
The typing is alright, but when you type words that are uncommon in the dictionary, for instance, “truong,” the keyboard kinda compensates in the wrong direction.
Besides that, the applications are pretty fun to use, but they seem a bit more jerky than the commercials would have you believe.
For instance, I was using the google maps app and it took forever to download the map tiles!
The zooming in and out using the multi touch was way cool, but it also seemed to lag behind a bit as well.
I know it’ll take lag to move stuff around, but it was… how should I put it?
Slower than I expected.
The iPhone certainly is a cool gadget.
I just don’t know why it needs to be a phone.
Apple’s created a pretty sweet PDA that includes a phone, which requires a subscription fee.
If they had just called it the iPDA, maybe I’d be more willing to get one.
That, and if they lowered the price, made it snappier, made the battery life longer, etc. I actually had one die while I was using it in the store.
The battery ran out and I had to switch to another one.
Oh well, maybe in the next generation/iteration I’ll be able to afford one.
And convince myself that I should pay the price for it.